B2B implementation content (#7586)
auth0/docs: articles/architecture-scenarios/b2b/b2b-architecture.md

---
title: Architecture
description: Understand how Auth0 lets you create Auth0 tenants for one or more environments
toc: true
topics:
    - b2b
    - iam
    - tenants
contentType: concept
useCase:
  - tenant-architecture
---

# Architecture

<%= include('../_includes/_architecture-intro.md') %>

<%= include('../_includes/_bp-sso-training.md') %>

<%= include('../_includes/_architecture-design-considerations.md') %>
* How can I align the structure and domain of my customers' organization with my Auth0 deployment?

<%= include('../_includes/_domains-impact-architecture-intro.md') %>

<%= include('../_includes/_bp-user-communities.md') %>

> If you need to provision an independent tenant then you’ll also want to [associate this with your existing Auth0 account](#tenant-association), so that you can take full advantage of the benefits provided at your organization’s contracted subscription level.

Reviewer: Why is this separate from the B2C one?

Author: Fixed

<%= include('../_includes/_warning-tenant-names.md') %>

<%= include('../_includes/_architecture-tenant-isolation.md') %>

We recommend that you create a full suite of [SDLC supporting tenants](#sdlc-support) for every Auth0 tenant you will run in a production environment, and the number of Auth0 tenants you will need to manage can quickly grow. Therefore you should consider carefully before creating multiple Auth0 tenants for production, and should consult our guidance on [Branding](/architecture-scenarios/b2b/b2b-branding) before making your final decision. 

### Complex organization tenant provisioning

> In most cases, provisioning separate Auth0 tenants for your customers organization is not necessary, however, in certain circumstancees its valuable to simplify setup. For instance, we recommend provisioning a separate Auth0 tenant for your customers' organization as a best practice if the following circumstances exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, provisioning separate Auth0 tenants for your customers' organization is not necessary, however, in certain circumstances it can simplify your configuration to move some organizations to their own tenant. For instance, we recommend provisioning a separate Auth0 tenant for your customers' organization as a best practice if the following circumstances exist:
```

* Your customers' organizations have isolated users, meaning the users are never shared between organizations.
* Your have some customer organizations that support more than one IDP. For example, you might have a customer that has their own enterprise IDP, but who also has some users that aren't in their IDP and whose credentials you'll need to store. You may also have a customer who wants to provide for one or more social connections in addition to their enterprise IDP.

If both of these circumstances exist, then you should consider creating a separate Auth0 tenant for each customer. This allows you to have separate custom domains for them and to easily customize their login experience, including [Home Realm Discovery](/b2b/b2b-authentication#home-realm-discovery) on their login page. 

::: warning

> Maintaining multiple Auth0 tenants can add complexity to your system and should not be done unless absolutely necessary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintaining multiple Auth0 tenants can add complexity to your system and should not be done unless absolutely necessary. It can also have an impact on the way your Monthly Active Users are calculated, so be sure to take that into consideration when evaluating this option.  We recommend you consider purchasing professional services to ensure this is the best option for you.
```

---
title: Architecture
description: Understand how Auth0 lets you create Auth0 tenants for one or more environments
toc: true
topics:
    - b2b
    - iam
    - tenants
contentType: concept
useCase:
  - tenant-architecture
---

# Architecture

<%= include('../_includes/_architecture-intro.md') %>

<%= include('../_includes/_bp-sso-training.md') %>

## Design considerations

<%= include('../_includes/_architecture-design-considerations.md') %>

> * How can I align the structure and domain of my customers' organization with my Auth0 deployment?

Reviewer: I think this might need another space after the *, it is not showing up right in the end result.

Reviewer: Actually an extra space doesn't look like it is going to help...  Maybe need a newline before the list...

Author: New line seems to works.
